These Fiji macros were used to process multiple images containing neurites captured in a time series.
There are 3 macros used: 1. crop_and_threshold_IF/BF (Macro 1), 2. neurite_reconstruction_from_threshold_image (Macro 2) and 3. measure_reconstruction_properties (Macro 3). 
Both SNT and BAR plugins are required in Fiji for these macros.
All input images should be in .tif format.
Macro 1 can be used to convert brightfield (BF) or immunofluorescence (IF) images into thresholded images for neurite reconstruction using SNT. 
Separate folders can be made before the run to save 1. Scaled images, 2. 8-bit images, 3. cropped images, and 4. thresholded images. 
These folders can be created within Fiji.app where Fiji is installed. 
The cropping functionality allows for focus on a particular region of interest (ROI) within the time series images to follow neurite outgrowth over time.
The x, y, w and h dimensions of a box when drawn over an image using the Rectangle tool in Fiji can be input to crop the ROI in images in the time series.
Images will be scaled on the pixel and actual dimensions on the image entered.
Thresholded images generated by macro 1 will be used as input to macro 2 to perform neurite reconstructions. 
Before running macro 2, all thresholded images of interest should be copied to the Fiji.app folder. 
Reconstruction folders for each image will then be generated and can be saved in a separate folder. 
In our analysis within the dialogue box generated when macro 2 is run the Skeletonize image box, Prune by length, Show result and Save result boxes were checked.
The Connect components, Set root from ROI boxes were not checked.
The Length threshold for Prune by length was set to 30. 
In the Image box, 'Image from path specified below option' was chosen.
In Image file, the path was set to the Fiji.app folder (a specific file was not chosen). 
Macro 2 will detect all .tif files within Fiji.app and begin the reconstruction. 
All reconstruction folders generated for each image can be saved in the Output directory chosen. 
Once reconstructions are complete, all .tif files can be deleted from Fiji.app.
Macro 3 can then be run with the Input directory set to the Output directory of Macro 2, and a output directory chosen in the Full path of output file with .csv file name box.
Here both the directory name and file name with the .csv extension were provided.
The Include Subdirectories box was checked.
The Standard Suite of Metrics were used.
